README.md, before:

# Final Project Alzheimer's Disease Analysis
Welcome~~ 
This repository contains the code and data for analyzing Alzheimer's disease data. <br />
** I also upload the output file and plots as well. (Just in case you encounter any problems when you run my code locally on your end.) :) 

## Dataset

- Since it is a rather big dataset file, Github doesn't allow me to upload it straight in CVS format. <br />
I upload the first 1000 rows dataset file, it might alter the result but I uploaded the orgihnal output report. 

OR

- You can download it straight from the Kaggle website: <br />
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/amitvkulkarni/aging-and-memory-alzheimers-statistics?resource=download


## Contents

- `data/`: Contains the dataset file `Alzheimers_Disease_Healthy_Aging_data.csv`.
- `code/`: Contains the R scripts for analysis, generating tables, and figures.
  - `analysis.R`: Main analysis script.
  - `table.R`: Script for generating the required table.
  - `figure.R`: Script for generating the required figure.
- `report/`: Contains the R Markdown file for the final report.
- `Makefile`: Contains rules for building the final report.

## Generating the Report

To generate the final report, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Open a terminal and navigate to the project directory.
3. Run the command `make all` to execute the analysis and generate the report.
4. The generated report will be saved as `report/report.html`.

## Table and Figure

- The code for creating the required table is located in `code/table.R`.
- The code for creating the required figure is located in `code/figure.R`.

Commit message:

Set up renv for project dependency management

README.md, after:

# Final Project Alzheimer's Disease Analysis
Welcome~~ 
This repository contains the code and data for analyzing Alzheimer's disease data. <br />
** I also upload the output file and plots as well. (Just in case you encounter any problems when you run my code locally on your end.) :) 

## Dataset

- Since it is a rather big dataset file, Github doesn't allow me to upload it straight in CVS format. <br />
I upload the first 1000 rows dataset file, it might alter the result but I uploaded the orgihnal output report. 

OR

- You can download it straight from the Kaggle website: <br />
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/amitvkulkarni/aging-and-memory-alzheimers-statistics?resource=download

## Installation

To set up the R package environment, run the following command in the terminal:

make install

This will install all necessary packages as specified in the `renv.lock` file.



## Contents

- `data/`: Contains the dataset file `Alzheimers_Disease_Healthy_Aging_data.csv`.
- `code/`: Contains the R scripts for analysis, generating tables, and figures.
  - `analysis.R`: Main analysis script.
  - `table.R`: Script for generating the required table.
  - `figure.R`: Script for generating the required figure.
- `report/`: Contains the R Markdown file for the final report.
- `Makefile`: Contains rules for building the final report.

## Generating the Report

To generate the final report, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Open a terminal and navigate to the project directory.
3. Run the command `make all` to execute the analysis and generate the report.
4. The generated report will be saved as `report/report.html`.

## Table and Figure

- The code for creating the required table is located in `code/table.R`.
- The code for creating the required figure is located in `code/figure.R`.
